Updating XMPP (_en) docs to make explicit how to use XMPP account. (#1111)
YunoHost/doc: XMPP.md

# Chat, VoIP and social network with <img src="/images/XMPP_logo.png" width=100>

> YunoHost comes installed with an instant messaging server Metronome which implements the [XMPP protocol](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Extensible_Messaging_and_Presence_Protocol)(previously known as Jabber), by default.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
YunoHost comes installed by default with an instant messaging server Metronome which implements the [XMPP protocol](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Extensible_Messaging_and_Presence_Protocol) (previously known as Jabber).
```

This protocol is already used by millions of people around the world - it is an open protocol. All applications based on XMPP are compatible with each other: when using an XMPP client, you can interact with anybody who has an XMPP account.

XMPP is an extensible protocol - this means users can configure "extensions" to chatrooms, to share messages and files, and to make voice and video calls using XMPP.

## XMPP account

To use an XMPP account you need a username, which takes the format: `user@domain.tld`, and a password.

> With YunoHost, an XMPP account is created for a registered account automatically. The XMPP account can be used with the main email address and her YunoHost password.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With YunoHost, an XMPP account is created for all YunoHost users automatically. The XMPP account credentials corresponds to the user's main email address and password.
```

## Connecting to your YunoHost XMPP account

You can connect to your YunoHost XMPP account in different ways.

### Web clients

> There are several XMPP web clients:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

- [Movim](https://pod.movim.eu)
- [Libervia/Salut à Toi](http://salut-a-toi.org/).

### Desktop clients

> You can also use a desktop client such as :

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

- [Pidgin](http://pidgin.im/) (multiplatform),
- [Gajim](http://gajim.org/) (Linux, Windows),
- [Dino](https://dino.im) (Linux),
- [Thunderbird](https://www.thundebird.net/) (multiplatform),
- [Jitsi](http://jitsi.org/) (multiplatform)
- [Adium](https://adium.im/) (Mac OS).

### Mobile clients

> Or a mobile client such as:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

- [Xabber](http://xabber.com) (Android)
- [Conversations](https://conversations.im/) (Android)
- [Movim under Android](https://movim.eu)
- [Monal](https://itunes.apple.com/us/app/monal-free-xmpp-chat/id317711500?mt=8) (iOS)

Here is an exhaustive list of XMPP clients : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Comparison_of_XMPP_clients

## Encrypt conversations with OMEMO

> XMPP chats can be made secure and private using [OMEMO] encryption (https://xmpp.org/extensions/xep-0384.html), for instance using Gajim:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
XMPP chats can be made secure and private using [OMEMO encryption](https://xmpp.org/extensions/xep-0384.html), for instance using Gajim:
```

(if you wanna keep the markdown link working)
